We welcome brokers single
exceeded
today there is not food but
stay tuned anyway
promised
I have a little one again
a challenger like you
you might have noticed if you
already in our videos Wahlerfolgs
I love such challenges when
occasion is not the following
Visit from our friend heike and there
we have a lot of work to do in it
a next time such a few exciting
we are planning a small project
start co-operation while, however
not yet revealed at this point
but you can already sometimes if you
you do not know now is the link to
look over her blog
how to do a really small thing and there
we need a lot of time as I said
for and have thought okay like
can we do that we can do that
to get things done
we just need our sleep
can perfect rhythm and indeed
thought it now we are doing now
just sheriff as long as she is there
one and a half weeks every day in bed
get up every day six o'clock because there
is mine, I notice that too when I am
go to bed early
I'm so fit and up
feel around me and now easy
A fine thing you can do in the morning
productive start the day and that is
just super good so yesterday it has
but not quite worked out yet
we try hard as I believe mine
and slept at 11pm
this morning he now has 36 of the alarm clock
the bell rings and it is already
super good so a 36 directly
then quickly rose outside round
he went knocked out
exercise and I am high among the
shower first the duration for electricity
Water is not always good
no matter what he does water drink it
a fine thing in the morning always one to one
5 liters of water you have you super this
because we have now I want now
no advertising but ours
little new baby has as
ordered penultimate of ak water filters
beforehand one of the
unfortunately somehow collects such a collection
9 was broken and me
I am happy and still training
rather water than before and anyway
have that shortly after eight
usually provides around the time only
on and already said so much
made then start right in the day
can be equally productive a fine
thing i feel super super good me
think that's just a tree way
feeling if you have already got up
you can already start it already
can be productive if normally
the whole world just sleeps me
love it because it's just that
quiet and you feel it's just
a wonderful feeling i like that totally
a normal sleep rhythm was before
actually always from zero to eight
Clock is actually always saying on the
Paper pretty much two years later
to get up but two hours later
it makes a total difference then
there are these magic rules as
if you vote this from 2 20 to 2
Do not live these four hours over
that count almost double means if
you really stop in midnight
bed then you feel in the morning
rested a lot even if you are me
then set up what is actually a
cool everyone knows when you're at
weekend was somehow still gone and
then you go sometime to two or
three expats and then actually can
Sleep is when you want until noon
sleeps until twelve or something opens up
and feels still so and whacked
and Hartmann 2 and wii ten hours
slept but not really recovered
once these important four hours from
22-2 hours did not sleep so
today is the first day of us
to adjust
i feel so good i can only help them
recommend to try it out first
really try 22 and worth considering
and close your eyes
it's just a fine thing
it seems that you are through
forced the job or so already
had long stand is
probably yes
but for all others i can only
recommend it is tried if times
It will not quite make it from 23 to
7 o'clock is super good, too
dives a bit he inspections
Getting up a little earlier is great
So I want to emphasize that again
Nourishment is about that, that's what it's all about here
all nutrition is a super
important thing but there are still
other things in life are very, very, very
important are limp movement that one
Things you do that makes you do that
you deal with people and always gives
likes
There are so many different things
are simply important for a
happy and contented life there
I can only recommend you
I do not care so much about them
Diet works is important but it
there are others there are others
other areas of life around oneself
should take care of and if you say so now
fans good that we also have a video
actually did not do that now
directly and to do our climate raw food
has then given this video thumbs up
above, we would be glad if you say
that is nonsense in the future
Recipes and so on hear that
interested in everything not this us
Video in Dornach and was happy
Of course , that appears
can then excreted
tomorrow we'll see each other in old age
fresh
seen tomorrow Saturday at mystery home and
the day after tomorrow the first league is in the
video what it has in any case in itself
towards a cool cool guest
video or interview at the start
that was really fun to see but
more before is not enough we'll see you on
sunday good